Status.md, before:

Miral

Your company.
Your whiteboard.
Your data.
Your cloud.

An open source on-premesis whiteboarding solution, that keeps your data secure & private in your hands by integrating with :
Google Cloud, Microsoft teams, AWS & many more.

An open-source, Enterprise grade, white-label, on-premis, offline, whiteboarding solution built in Europe to keep your data secure & private in your hands. Integratates with :
Google Cloud, Microsoft teams, AWS & many more.

Don't want the hastle of hosting? Use TeamWall to get a hosted version of Miral. 

resize window - done
delete - done
move forward/backwards - done 
Multi-select with cursor & deselect - done
Save and load localstorage - done
selector - done
multi-selected editor menu - done
duplicate - done
multi-select duplicate - done
reverse-selector - done
toolbar subtools - done
lines - done
Other shapes - done
Images - done



Backlog

Image url editor
line resizer
Menu buttons highlight
Alternative post-it shapes
crop & resize

group elements

lock elements
multi-select lock
multi-select align
custom colors/font color
autosize horizontal postit note resize
Slides & link & jump
Iframes

Multi-user
Multi-user updates
Multi-user cursors
Multi-user encryption w PW
Attention management
Share

Save as Image
Save as file
Load from file
Save to gDrive

Zoom in/out buttons

grid Scaling
grid guides

change font color - black/white

comments
tables

arrow keys to move elements around

Markdown editor for post-it's?


UPSs :

Store your data in your cloud.
Iframe any site
Remote youtube controls
Link to other parts of the board
Simple uncluttered
Integrates with tech diagrams - sequence diagrams
Open source, no secrets

Commit message:

fixed bugs with resizing post-its and font sizes

Status.md, after:

Miral

Your company.
Your whiteboard.
Your data.
Your cloud.

An open source on-premesis whiteboarding solution, that keeps your data secure & private in your hands by integrating with :
Google Cloud, Microsoft teams, AWS & many more.

An open-source, Enterprise grade, white-label, on-premis, offline, whiteboarding solution built in Europe to keep your data secure & private in your hands. Integratates with :
Google Cloud, Microsoft teams, AWS & many more.

Don't want the hastle of hosting? Use TeamWall to get a hosted version of Miral.


Bugs 

Font size in post-it not resizing correctly
Hand drawn lines not appearing for other users
When host drops everyone has to reconnect - shift host
Have URL for share session written to url bar
Put roomID & org in creds popup
Highlight elements selected by other users as disabled
Buggy line creation/menu
Green share icon for participants
share icon invisible if server unavailable
store creds (name initials) in local storage
basic encryption for data on server

TESTS TESTS TESTS


resize window - done
delete - done
move forward/backwards - done 
Multi-select with cursor & deselect - done
Save and load localstorage - done
selector - done
multi-selected editor menu - done
duplicate - done
multi-select duplicate - done
reverse-selector - done
toolbar subtools - done
lines - done
Other shapes - done
Images - done



Backlog

Image url editor
line resizer
Menu buttons highlight
Alternative post-it shapes
crop & resize

group elements

lock elements
multi-select lock
multi-select align
custom colors/font color
autosize horizontal postit note resize
Slides & link & jump
Iframes

Multi-user
Multi-user updates
Multi-user cursors
Multi-user encryption w PW
Attention management
Share

Save as Image
Save as file
Load from file
Save to gDrive

Zoom in/out buttons

grid Scaling
grid guides

change font color - black/white

comments
tables

arrow keys to move elements around

Move to pointer events & responsive test

Markdown editor for post-it's?


UPSs :

Store your data in your cloud.
Iframe any site
Remote youtube controls
Link to other parts of the board
Simple uncluttered
Integrates with tech diagrams - sequence diagrams
Open source, no secrets
